  							Board Games Breif Document


		1. My simple application is a free web site for board games, I've used Angular 6.1.0 as a development environment, 
	and I've used Kinvey for back-end.
	Web design I made with bootstrap and CSS for greater page flexibility and easier sizing.
		2. External libraries I have used are "angular2-uuid" - a 36-character random string, "ng2-validation" - 
	additional the fields validation in all forms, "ngx-pagination" - numbering all the products on the page, 
	"Ngx-toastr" - additional display library in the top right corner user information!
		3. Not registered users can only see the home page and the sign in / sign up page. 
	Due to copyright, we can not provide more information about the products themselves unless you sign up with us.
	Anyone who registers must indicate their gender so that the site can authenticate the site and write down their 
	name and whether they are male or female. 
	Only logged-in users will be able to see on the "home" page which game has the highest rating!
		4.All logged users have the right to view the list of games will have their own section "My Games", 
	when we like some of our products it automatically goes to the section of the user there can view it as well as the trailer is saved. 
	The user, if he wants to download the game, must follow the following rules. 
	First you have to posted the game with a rank zero by default. 
	All other players must give their rank and when they reach 20 or more in their section will appear a "free download" button 
	that will send you to a free download site. 
	You also have a "key" button that you can take CD-Key for to install the game!
		5. Administrators have any rights that they can add and edit and delete games at their discretion. 
	They can also delete posted games or just clear the rank if there are any violations!
		6. As a bonus, I've used a "simple unit test" and animation in the "Special Thanks" page to thank for the trainers 
	with whom I helped with this level of training.
	
	Angular Module - 26 August Project Defenses.
